Hi guys, welcome back.
We are now jumping right into Blue Ocean.
Come on in the water is fine.
Blue Ocean is a skin job for Jenkins and it doesn't really change the core functionality,
it just presents it in a different way and you can always switch back and forth between
the Jenkins classic interface and
Blue Ocean or any other plug-in that you see appropriate for what you're doing.
So we'll be learning Blue Ocean here but if you find something better that you prefer,
that's certainly what you should do.
It also gives you some built-in diagnostics as well
which we'll address in much deeper fashion later on in the lesson.
All right, let's dive in folks.